the glory will be right back those metal
munching maniacs are back on Robot Wars
Vijay
Merry Christmas Zack and Damien barber
on the left and s and Andrew Ledbetter
and Tom Smith on the right later
many more
while of Richard and Simon Borbon
exterminator boy story and Cordia mark
Cooper with many more were tears for the
house robots we growl at will or look at
the jaws after the applause Jennifer
first up then in the tag-team Terra
semi-finals exterminator
Hydra out there for me later I'm Popeye
response has been the best team so far
an extermination the sea fees at that
belongs to death metal and this part can
why they managed to self right well but
down to this
were very quick to
thanks ton later tried to get the axe
guys but that was denied
and they were in trouble
early push from Hydra an exploder wants
to get out there out of there and let
mini-mall take over
of any more voice
from Swansea durian
they're a little wet for the spinning
blade the back on the front bulldoze
over the not going very far barbaric
response quick on litter
many more that's okay it's a rollover
very easily fat incomes exterminator
quick to tag then the
boys they pin themselves in arena for
helped out by many more chapter chat
chat
to the CP zealot again the circular saw
constraint road from death metal bumper
response away
don't talk they notice attack that so
far
turns on the decided exterminator many
more breasts in there
on top I'd say mini morgues slapped
incomes H thermally military
holy putting the pie
kiss hydrants shaded by
the shredders back on the attack
crashed into a sea
and that is the kennel for that machine
clean moody magnificent its growler Oh
fighting it on the tires
exterminator again driven by heitor
Heiser to me looks a very good machine
the sport in a couple of domestic UK
series exterminator very experienced
presses the pit release
there's much a UK
this exterminator but I think the worst
boys are in trouble many more till they
get counted out
he's gone 750 watt motors exterminated
just about
folks went on top
the others to come in with a kill on
exterminator
try again on the chase that's what's
left of many more
saw blade came in next over left
see she's about to be cold but for me it
has to go to the two remaining machines
crater and corporate response as
is finally British cease
I'm Barbara Christmas flute Byzantine